[Music]
So, through the experiences with the
user group and some of the videos we've
seen online of people using X3,
sometimes they like to invent their own
way of using it.
I want to strongly discourage this
because every movement was really well
thought out. Let me give you some
examples.
When somebody hooks their X3 around a
door
and has discovered a new way to do
tricep push downs or something like
that.
What they don't realize is when
they throw a band around a door, they
might be putting 200 lb of downward
force, 300 lb of downward force on that
door.
Uh not only could they tear the door off
of their home,
uh
they might end up with that door
catapulted by the force created by the
band into their face.
So, X3 is self-contained for a reason.
Incredible forces in those bands. In
fact, when when I do a deadlift with the
elite band,
I'm over
because I'm 6 ft tall, it's 615 lb for
me.
There's an app that calculates that for
you.
Um
Now,
you want to do the movements that are
recommended and in the training program.
Anything other than that,
you don't want to do.
And I just I just want to make that hard
recommendation for for everybody. Now, I
think part of why
people want to customize things is
because like they'll look at a
bodybuilder and the bodybuilder does
like 30 different movements um to
complete you know, all like let's say
their AB split workout or something like
that.
Bodybuilders do a lot of things that are
I'll be nice, nonsensical
uh and repetitive.
But,
I can't explain
why they do that other than they think
they're getting a lot of specialization.
But, we have professional bodybuilders
using X3 only doing
the recommended protocol, exactly what
the program says to do, and amazingly
enough, they're stimulating every
muscle. Cuz remember, there are primary
engagement muscles like the pectorals.
You can consciously contract your
pectoral when you move your arm forward.
You can consciously engage your bicep
when you bring your your arm towards
your face.
But, there are other muscles that are
stabilization muscles. You don't really
think about contracting your obliques or
your quadratus muscles and they are here
and here,
but you engage them constantly when
doing X3 and you're developing them also
because they're stabilizers. You don't
think about them. They just engage when
you need to be stabilized. When you need
to be stabilized with a weight, they
engage. When you need to be stabilized
through variable resistance with X3,
it's an even greater weight.
So, you're stimulating them to an even
greater degree.
So, please try not to
invent your own way of doing this.
Nothing is recommended other than what
is in the program. Now, that doesn't
mean that somebody won't come up with an
idea, email me, email the company,
and we won't add something later on, but
I'd say roughly
500 different ideas have come our way
and all of them were bad.
So, let's just stick to the program
as recommended.